In this section we'll learn about a new kind of the eloquent relationship which is many to many.
So far we know the simple relations one to one and one too many.
So for this one we have our existing blog post and we will create our new model called tag.
So what you can see which is already different than the previous relations is that one blog post can
be associated to many tracks.
So this one for example is associated to two models.
But what's different about this one and one to many is that the same tag can be associated to different
blog post models.
So for example this one in the middle is associated to the first blog post model and for the blog post
model.
So this makes this so what this would cause is that we have a different structure to represent those
relationships inside the database.
So let's take a look.
We have our existing blog post model that we already know we will create a new tag model which will
have I.D. the timestamps and a name to just say what's the name of that tag.
But additionally you can see that neither of those models neither blog post or tag has a column that
will indicate any relation.
So there is no tag I.D. on the blog post.
And also there is no blog post idea on the tag which was different for example with blog posts and comments
in one to many relationship where that comment model actually had our field code called a blog post
I.D..
Now in this example with the many to many relationship.
What we need to represent this relation at the database level is to create our so-called intermediate
or pivot table.
So how this looks like is this has an idea but also it has two columns which actually will make this
relation possible.
So there is also blog post idea and tag I.D. additionally we have timestamps so for every late relation
that should be created between a blog post and a tag we will insert our new record to this pivot or
intermediate table and this would represent their relation.
So let's go ahead and create our migration for this new relation and then see how we should define it
on the blog post model and the newly created tag model.